Quick Win Issue Template (#17340)
demisto/content: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/quick-wins.md

---
name: Quick Win
about: Quick Win tasks to be taken by the community.
title: ''
labels: good first issue
assignees: ''

---

Issues should only be opened by the repository maintainers. 

> Bugs should be reported to customer support and feature requests should be posted to AHA. 

Reviewer: Link to AHA?

> Bugs should be reported to customer support and feature requests should be posted to AHA. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Bugs should be reported to customer support and feature requests should be created in [AHA](https://xsoar.ideas.aha.io/). 
```

> Please do not open this issue.

Reviewer: Not clear

Author: not sure if you're serious, how can we be more clear than that?

Reviewer: I was actually serious lol. Why not put this at the beginning and say something like: Please do not open this issue - this is for internal usage only.

Author: this is pretty much what it says, would you like to rephrase it ?
